---
title: "<a href='https://www.indianatollroad.org/' target='_blank'>Indiana Toll Road Concession Company (ITRCC)</a>"
collection: talks
type: "Traffic Analyst"
permalink: /talks/2024-09-01-urban-planner-ii
venue: ""
display_date: "Jun 2025 - Present"
location: "Chicago, IL, United States"
---

-	Leverage large-scale traffic volume data, socioeconomic indicators, and toll transaction records to analyze historical and projected traffic trends across the 157-mile Indiana Toll Road. Support revenue optimization and inform strategic tolling decisions by applying advanced statistical and econometric methodologies.
-	Develop, calibrate, and validate traffic and revenue forecasting models by integrating inputs such as construction schedules, macroeconomic trends, vehicle classifications, and seasonal patterns. Utilize Python, Excel and GIS tools to produce reliable forecasts supporting internal budgeting, investor relations, and concessionaire reporting.
-	Evaluate the potential impact of upcoming construction and maintenance projects on traffic performance. Generate before-and-after traffic impact assessments and contribute to the mitigation planning process in collaboration with the Toll Operations and Infrastructure teams.
-	Conducted in-depth crash data analysis by calculating segment-level Vehicle Miles Traveled (VMT) and crash rates using internal traffic data and incident reports. Identified high-risk locations and trends in crash frequency and severity, enabling the Safety and Operations teams to prioritize countermeasures and maintenance efforts.

